README.md, before:

# Ghostwriter

Enhanced port of the Ghost "[ghostwriter](https://github.com/roryg/ghostwriter)" theme to the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) site generator.

## Installation

Inside the folder of your Hugo site run:

```bash
$ mkdir themes
$ cd themes
$ git clone https://github.com/jbub/ghostwriter
```

For more information read the official [setup guide](//gohugo.io/overview/installing/) of Hugo.

## Development

After installing the theme you need to install javascript dependencies. You can use 
`npm` or `yarn` to install them from `package.json`. We are using `webpack` to build
and package styles. In order to develop with realtime reloading in the browser you can 
use this powerful combo:

```bash
hugo server
yarn run watch
```

To update theme styles edit the `styles/style.scss` file. You can then either use the `watch` command
or run `build` to compile the styles:

```bash
yarn run build
```

## Example config.toml

To customize your theme you can use following params:

```toml
baseurl = "https://example.com/"
title = "mytitle"
theme = "ghostwriter"
languageCode = "en-us"
copyright = "My Name"
googleAnalytics = "XXX"
disqusShortname = "XXX"

[Privacy]

[Privacy.disqus]
    disable = true

[Privacy.googleAnalytics]
    anonymizeIP = true
    respectDoNotTrack = true
    useSessionStorage = false

[Author]
    name = "My Name"
    profile = "https://google.com/+XXX"

[Taxonomies]
    tag = "tags"

[Params]
    mainSections = ["post"]
    intro = true
    headline = "My headline"
    description = "My description"
    github = "https://github.com/XXX"
    gitlab = "https://gitlab.com/XXX"
    linkedin = "https://linkedin.com/in/XXX/"
    gplus = "https://google.com/+XXX"
    twitter = "https://twitter.com/XXX"
    stackoverflow = "https://stackoverflow.com/users/XXX/YYY"
    facebook = "https://www.facebook.com/username"
    email = "XXX@example.com"
    opengraph = true
    shareTwitter = true
    shareFacebook = true
    shareGooglePlus = true
    shareLinkedIn = false
    dateFormat = "Mon, Jan 2, 2006"
    highlightJsUrl = ""
    highlightJsLocalUrl = ""
    exponeaJsUrl = ""
    exponeaTarget = ""
    exponeaToken = ""
    exponeaTrackVisits = false
    readingTime = true
    readingTimeText = "Estimated reading time:"
    fathomUrl = ""
    fathomSiteId = ""

[Permalinks]
    post = "/:year/:month/:day/:filename/"

[[menu.main]]
    name = "Blog"
    url = "/"
    weight = 1

[[menu.main]]
    name = "Projects"
    url = "/project/"
    weight = 2

[[menu.main]]
    name = "Contact"
    url = "/page/contact/"
    weight = 3

[[menu.main]]
    name = "About"
    url = "/page/about/"
    weight = 4
```

You can also inject arbitrary HTML into `<head>` simply by overriding the `extra-in-head.html`
partial, which is meant for that purpose.

Commit message:

Changed main body font to Merriweather. Titles back to uppercase.
The font change is still not affecting ul/ol in the body. Remains to be fixed.

README.md, after:

# Ghostwriter

Enhanced port of the Ghost "[ghostwriter](https://github.com/roryg/ghostwriter)" theme to the [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) site generator.

## My tweaks

I have changed body text font from Open Sans to Merriweather 
(I was inspired by [renkun.me](https://renkun.me/2019/12/11/writing-r-in-vscode-a-fresh-start)).

Tables are in the body still use Open Sans, but that's ok, I think it looks good.


## Installation

Inside the folder of your Hugo site run:

```bash
$ mkdir themes
$ cd themes
$ git clone https://github.com/jbub/ghostwriter
```

For more information read the official [setup guide](//gohugo.io/overview/installing/) of Hugo.

## Development

After installing the theme you need to install javascript dependencies. You can use 
`npm` or `yarn` to install them from `package.json`. We are using `webpack` to build
and package styles. In order to develop with realtime reloading in the browser you can 
use this powerful combo:

```bash
hugo server
yarn run watch
```

To update theme styles edit the `styles/style.scss` file. You can then either use the `watch` command
or run `build` to compile the styles:

```bash
yarn run build
```

## Example config.toml

To customize your theme you can use following params:

```toml
baseurl = "https://example.com/"
title = "mytitle"
theme = "ghostwriter"
languageCode = "en-us"
copyright = "My Name"
googleAnalytics = "XXX"
disqusShortname = "XXX"

[Privacy]

[Privacy.disqus]
    disable = true

[Privacy.googleAnalytics]
    anonymizeIP = true
    respectDoNotTrack = true
    useSessionStorage = false

[Author]
    name = "My Name"
    profile = "https://google.com/+XXX"

[Taxonomies]
    tag = "tags"

[Params]
    mainSections = ["post"]
    intro = true
    headline = "My headline"
    description = "My description"
    github = "https://github.com/XXX"
    gitlab = "https://gitlab.com/XXX"
    linkedin = "https://linkedin.com/in/XXX/"
    gplus = "https://google.com/+XXX"
    twitter = "https://twitter.com/XXX"
    stackoverflow = "https://stackoverflow.com/users/XXX/YYY"
    facebook = "https://www.facebook.com/username"
    email = "XXX@example.com"
    opengraph = true
    shareTwitter = true
    shareFacebook = true
    shareGooglePlus = true
    shareLinkedIn = false
    dateFormat = "Mon, Jan 2, 2006"
    highlightJsUrl = ""
    highlightJsLocalUrl = ""
    exponeaJsUrl = ""
    exponeaTarget = ""
    exponeaToken = ""
    exponeaTrackVisits = false
    readingTime = true
    readingTimeText = "Estimated reading time:"
    fathomUrl = ""
    fathomSiteId = ""

[Permalinks]
    post = "/:year/:month/:day/:filename/"

[[menu.main]]
    name = "Blog"
    url = "/"
    weight = 1

[[menu.main]]
    name = "Projects"
    url = "/project/"
    weight = 2

[[menu.main]]
    name = "Contact"
    url = "/page/contact/"
    weight = 3

[[menu.main]]
    name = "About"
    url = "/page/about/"
    weight = 4
```

You can also inject arbitrary HTML into `<head>` simply by overriding the `extra-in-head.html`
partial, which is meant for that purpose.
